{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red205\green26\blue29;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c85098\c18824\c14510;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Area(s) of Interest \cf3 \strokec3 *
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 This will help us pair you with a Professor from another department with subject matter expertise. Neuroscience, astrophysics, philosophy, etc. Please be as specific as possible as you can here so that we can better connect you with a Professor. If you need help from multiple fields, let us know.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 Your answer
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Environmental Science and Ecology with a focus on conservation and preservation
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \cb4 Provide a brief synopsis of the project \cf3 \strokec3 *
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Be concise. This is the top-level idea, a description that will be shared with Professors who might work with you. Write this assuming the person doesn't know much about games. In other words, don't use game-specific jargon like "roguelike" or "3rd person perspective"
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 Your answer
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Our untitled game project is about rewilding an ecosystem in a future Earth. In the game, the player uses scientifically feasible technology to cultivate life in the barren region, with the ultimate goal of making the area self-sufficient. The game attempts to provide a meditative experience that explores what kind of environmental impact an individual can make. Through satisfying gameplay, the game describes how interacting with nature can be rewarding despite having little large-scale impact. We hope that players will be empowered through scientific knowledge to find purpose in every interaction with the natural world.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \cb4 Briefly describe how your project will contribute to a greater public understanding of science, technology, and/or economics. \cf3 \strokec3 *
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 One paragraph or less is sufficient here. With awareness that it's early in your project's life to be able to answer this question, help us see the long-term vision for this project in relation to the grant.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 This game is about rewilding an area based on the longleaf pine ecosystem, and we want to research this thoroughly to ground the game in science. We want to create a space that speaks to a scientifically plausible near future ecosystem - one that players are excited to inhabit and learn more about. We hope that players can learn about the impacts of climate change and unchecked economic growth on the environment through their interaction with this space. On a thematic level, this project engages with contemporary feelings of powerlessness in the face of climate change by immersing the player in the actions of an individual. We want to make an intimate game about the work that one person can achieve to provide a way for players to explore their relationship to environmentalist action in everyday life, and optimistically contemplate the possibilities that lie in our future.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
}